Update readme (#7)
bcgov/bcstats-govt-service-locations: README.md

2. **Shapefile Processing**:
    *   **Script:** `00b-make-map-data.R`.
        *   **Purpose**: Loads provincial DA and DB shapefiles, filters them to keep only the specific localities defined in the crosswalk file (reducing size for development/analysis), and writes these processed, filtered shapefiles to the SHAPEFILE_DIR (as defined in settings.R). This prepares the geographic data needed for mapping.
        *   **How to Run**: This script can be run from source: `source("R/00b-make-map-data.R")`
        *   **Expected Output**: Watch the console for messages indicating which files are being processed, warnings about invalid inputs, potential file overwrites, or errors. Upon success, filtered shapefiles (e.g., containing *DA_for_locality_*... or similar in their names) will be present in the `SHAPEFILE_DIR`. 

3.  **Aggregated Tables and Calculations:**
    *   **Script:** `01-descriptive-tables.R`.

>         *   **Purpose:** This script reads the processed files generated by the previous step, performs data quality checks, calculates summary statistics at the DB and DA level, merges population data, and writes the final analysis output files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *   **Purpose:** This script reads the processed files generated by the previous step, performs data quality checks, calculates summary statistics at the DB, DA and locality level, merges population data, identifies Service BC locations and writes the final analysis output files.
```

4.  **Mapping Results:**
    *   **Script:** `02-map-plots.R`.
    *   **Purpose:** Loads the processed DA/DB shapefiles (from `00b-make-map-data.R`) and the drive time summary statistics CSV files (from `01-descriptive-tables.R`). It merges these datasets and uses the `build_map` function (from `R/fxns/plots.r`) to generate and save a series of map visualization based on the configured theme (`MAP_THEME` in `settings.R`).
    *   **How to Run:** Manually adjust inputs to the `build_map` function, save and source the file: `source("R/02-map-plots.R")`
    *   **Expected Output:** Check the console for messages about data loading, data quality warnings (e.g., handling NAs or negative values), file overwrite warnings, or errors.  Successful completion will result in a series of map visualizations (e.g., PNG, SVG) saved to the output directory specified within the script or `settings.R`. 

    *   **Script:** `02b-plot-localities.R`.

>     *   **Purpose:** Generates a map visualizing the geographic locations of the specific municipalities/localities included in the analysis, providing context within British Columbia. It uses the processed shapefiles and potentially the crosswalk file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   **Purpose:** Generates a map visualizing the geographic locations of the specific municipalities/localities included in the analysis, providing context within British Columbia. It uses the processed shapefiles and the service BC locations processed previously.
```
